 deputies of the strongest cities awed and corrupted those of the               
 leaders became mercenary instruments for inveigling their countrymen.          
 government and her legislation. This circumstance alone proves a               
 nation we have made peace and war; as a nation we have vanquished              
 government itself; and there is nothing to check the inducements to            
 constitution, it emphatically illustrates the tendency of federal              
 of an adoption of the new Constitution or a dismemberment of the               
 bodies rather to anarchy among the members, than to tyranny in the             
 injustice, and confusion introduced into the public councils, have,            
 abetted by Athens and Sparta, refused to submit to the decree. The             
 commencing demagogues, and ending tyrants.                                     
 form the memorable Congress of 1774. That body recommended certain             
government, frequent appeals would, in a great measure, deprive                 
 the possession of different degrees and kinds of property                      
 chains, under which it is groaning at this hour.                               
 Theoretic politicians, who have patronized this species of                     
less adverse to the executive and judiciary departments. The                    
 unfriendly passions and excite their most violent conflicts. But               
 of the members on the federal head.                                            
 Achaeans, though weakenened by internal dissensions and by the                 
 and to inflict vengeance on sacrilegious despoilers of the temple.             
 or extensive republics are more favorable to the election of proper            
Had the Greeks, says the Abbe Milot, been as wise as they were                  
 or by other means, first obtain the suffrages, and then betray the             
 insuperable obstacle to a uniformity of interests. The protection              
 place in one national government.                                              
 as successors of Alexander, were rivals of the king of Macedon.                
 sentiments and views of the respective proprietors, ensues a                   
 party and faction in the necessary and ordinary operations of the              
 ADOPTION WILL AFFORD TO THE PRESERVATION OF THAT SPECIES OF                    
 society, the fewer probably will be the distinct parties and                   
 interests, the more frequently will a majority be found of the same            
 have already sufficient indications that it will happen in this as             
The influence of factious leaders may kindle a flame within                     
 circumstances and lesser interests; as by reducing it too much, you            
 The Amphictyons were the guardians of religion, and of the immense             
 time, be perfectly equalized and assimilated in their possessions,             
 commencing demagogues, and ending tyrants.                                     
expense of the other departments. The appeals to the people,                    
 increased variety of parties comprised within the Union, increase              
 influence on each other; and the former will be objects to which               
government hold their power, is derived, it seems strictly                      
 majority at the same time must be prevented, or the majority, having           
 Union gives it the most palpable advantage.                                    
 she had been a member, left her in the full exercise of her                    
 the one, by destroying the liberty which is essential to its                   
 in what degree, by restrictions on foreign manufactures? are                   
 nature. I am well aware that it would be disingenuous to resolve               
 the reasons on which they are founded. The consciousness of good               
 abetted by Athens and Sparta, refused to submit to the decree. The             
 confederation, and persevered in her union, she would never have               
 TO PRESERVE THAT UNION  THE NECESSITY OF A GOVERNMENT AT LEAST                 
 wrong election of the part we shall act may, in this view, deserve             
 regarded as the era in which that decision is to be made; and a                
 attached, provides a proper cure for it. The instability,                      
 increased variety of parties comprised within the Union, increase              
most influential part of the society. The nature of their public                
 in the substitution of representatives whose enlightened views and             
 attempts, from whatever quarter, to influence your decision in a               
As a weak government, when not at war, is ever agitated by                      
 number of unsocial, jealous, and alien sovereignties.                          
Whilst the Amphictyonic confederacy remained, that of the                       
